DOCUMENT:Q142640  20-MAY-2002  [winnt]
TITLE   :Windows NT 4.0 Readme.wri File (Part 2 of 5)
PRODUCT :Microsoft Windows NT
PROD/VER::4.0
OPER/SYS:
KEYWORDS:

======================================================================
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The information in this article applies to:

 - Microsoft Windows NT Server version 4.0 
 - Microsoft Windows NT Workstation version 4.0 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This article contains a copy of the information in the Readme.wri file
included in Windows NT version 4.0. Setup copies this file to the System32
folder.

For phone numbers and support options on all Microsoft products,
please see the information available on the Microsoft Web site at
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=fh;EN-US;CNTACTMS.

Windows NT Server Version 4.0
-----------------------------

The information in this section pertains only to Windows NT Server.

MICROSOFT FRONTPAGE (TM)

In addition to all the features of Windows NT Workstation, Windows NT
Server also includes Microsoft FrontPage. Microsoft FrontPage provides a
way to develop and maintain Web sites. Install FrontPage from the Windows
NT Server compact disc. The Setup program is located in the
\Frontpg\Frontpg folder.

FRONTPAGE SUPPORT

Microsoft Microsoft Technical Support
-------------------------------------

In the event you cannot install or have a technical question about
Microsoft FrontPage, please refer to the support offerings below.
Microsoft's support offerings range from no-cost and low-cost online
information services (available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week) to annual
support plans. You can also check the Technical Support section in online
Help for additional information. Microsoft support services are subject to
Microsoft's then-current prices, terms, and conditions, which are subject
to change without notice.

Information Services

Microsoft Technical Support Information Services provides you with easy
access to the latest technical and support information for Microsoft
products. You can access a variety of low and no cost Information Services
24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Many of the Microsoft Technical Support
Information Services make reference to the following technical content:

 - Microsoft Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ): Here you will find quick answers
   to the most common technical issues on using your favorite Microsoft product.

 - Microsoft Download Center: The Microsoft Download Center contains hundreds of
   free software add-ons, bug fixes, peripheral drivers, software updates, and
   programming aids for easy downloading at your convenience.

 - Microsoft Knowledge Base: The Microsoft Knowledge Base is the same database
   that Microsoft support engineers use to answer technical questions. It is a
   comprehensive collection of more than 70,000 detailed articles with technical
   information about Microsoft products, bug and fix lists, and answers to
   commonly asked technical questions.

Internet services (World Wide Web and FTP sites):

Access the Microsoft FAQ, Microsoft Download Center, and Microsoft
Knowledge Base on our Internet sites. Additional information, such as
resource kits, white papers, and the latest information about Microsoft
products is also readily available. It's easy to search through these
technical sources to find what you need. If you're an Internet user, you
can access this no-charge information (connect charges may apply) at the
following locations:

 - The World Wide Web site is located at http://www.microsoft.com

 - The FTP site is located at ftp.microsoft.com

The Microsoft Network (MSN) and other online services:

You can access the Microsoft Knowledge Base and the Microsoft Download Center through MSN and other online services. Additional technical
information and community services, such as the Microsoft Frequently Asked
Questions, Member-to-Member Bulletin Board Services and links to the World
Wide Web, are available on MSN. To access Microsoft support services on
MSN, choose Go To Other Location on the Edit menu and type MSSUPPORT.

Microsoft TechNet:

Microsoft TechNet is the front-line resource for fast complete answers to
technical questions on Microsoft desktop and systems products. From crucial
data on client/server and workgroup computing, systems platforms, and
database products, to the latest on support for Microsoft Windows and
Macintosh(r)-based applications, it's all on Microsoft TechNet. Microsoft
TechNet is $299 annually for a single user license, or $699 annually for a
single-server, unlimited-users license. To subscribe to Microsoft TechNet,
call (800) 344-2121.

Microsoft Developer Network Library (MSDN):

The Microsoft Developer Network Library is the comprehensive source of
programming information and toolkits for those who write applications for
the Microsoft Windows, Windows 95, and Windows NT operating systems, or use
Microsoft products for development purposes. Members with an MSDN annual
subscription are kept up-to-date through regular deliveries of information,
a newsletter, and other information sources. To subscribe to the Microsoft
Developer Network, call (800) 759-5474.


Per-Incident Electronic Service Requests:

This service is available to Premier, Priority Comprehensive 35 and 75, and
Priority Developer 35 customers. You can directly submit electronic service
requests to Microsoft support engineers who receive the requests and work
with you to resolve your technical problem. This capability also allows you
to access Microsoft support information to maintain and troubleshoot your
Microsoft products independently.

Standard Support

In the United States, unlimited no-charge support from Microsoft support
engineers is available on FrontPage usability issues such as Setup,
FrontPage usage, and troubleshooting error messages via a toll call between
6:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M. Pacific time, Monday through Friday, excluding
holidays. Questions involving HTML code, 3rd party server extensions, or
other development-related issues will receive up to two no-charge incidents
for the current version. In the United States call (425) 635-7088.
When you call, you should be at your computer and have the appropriate
product documentation at hand. Be prepared to give the following
information:

 - The version number of the Microsoft product that you are using.

 - The type of hardware that you are using, including network hardware, if
   applicable

 - The exact wording of any messages that appeared on your screen

 - A description of what happened and what you were doing at the time

 - A description of how you tried to solve the problem

Priority Support

Microsoft Microsoft Technical Support offers priority telephone access to
Microsoft support engineers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, excluding
holidays, in the U.S. In the United States, call (900) 555-2020; $55 (U.S.)
per incident. Charges appear on your telephone bill.


Text Telephone

Microsoft text telephone (TT/TDD) services are available for the hard of hearing. In the United States, using a TT/TDD modem, dial (425)
635-4948. In Canada, using a TT/TDD modem, dial (905) 568-9641.

Product Support Worldwide
-------------------------

For information on Microsoft subsidiary offices and the countries they
serve, refer to the Technical Support section in online Help or the
Microsoft World Wide Web site at http://www.microsoft.com. If there is no
Microsoft office in your country, please contact the establishment from
which you purchased your Microsoft product.

MICROSOFT INTERNET INFORMATION SERVER

Installing Internet Information Server on Windows NT Version 4.0
----------------------------------------------------------------

Internet Information Server (IIS) version 2.0 Setup is fully integrated
into Windows NT Server version 4.0 Setup, so you can set up your Internet
services while installing Windows NT Server. To install IIS, run Windows NT
Server Setup and follow the on-screen instructions. If you have already
installed Windows NT Server version 4.0, you can install IIS version 2.0
separately by clicking the Install Internet Information Server icon on your
Windows NT desktop. You can also double-click the Network icon in Control
Panel, and then click the Services tab to add Internet Information Server.

For more information about installation, see the "Start Here" book provided
with Windows NT Server version 4.0.

Where Is the Product Documentation?
-----------------------------------

Documentation for Microsoft Internet Information Server is installed with
the product and is available online. After installing Internet Information
Server, you can open its Installation And Administration Guide by clicking
the Product Documentation icon in the Microsoft Internet Server program
group, or by running Internet Service Manager and choosing Topics on the
Help menu. You can also review the product documentation before you install
Internet Information Server by using a Web browser (such as Microsoft
Internet Explorer) to open the files directly from the Windows NT Server
compact disc.

To read the documentation, open the following file on the compact disc:

   \<Platform>\Inetsrv\Htmldocs\Inetdocs.htm

where <platform> is Alpha, I386, Mips, or PPC.

You can print chapters by using your Web browser's Print command. You will
obtain the best printing results by using your browser's default font size
for text; for example, Medium in Internet Explorer and 12 points in
Netscape Navigator.

Information about Internet Information Server is included in the printed
book "Start Here", which is provided with Windows NT Server version 4.0.

Upgrading IIS 1.0 to IIS 2.0
----------------------------

IIS 2.0 includes a new Web-based administration tool, Internet Service
Manager (HTML), that enables you to administer your server from any Web
browser.  By default, this tool is not installed when you upgrade from IIS
1.0 to IIS 2.0.

To install the Web-based Internet Service Manager, double-click the
Internet Information Server Setup icon on the desktop and follow the setup
screen instructions.  When it appears, click Add/Remove, then select
Internet Service Manager (HTML). Follow the setup screen instructions to
complete the installation.

If you have any HTML pages in your Home virtual directory, the IIS setup
program will not install any of the new 2.0 sample pages.  The sample pages
now include links to the HTML documentation and to the Web-based Internet
Service Manager. To install the samples, move your current content files
into a temporary directory before installing IIS 2.0.

Anonymous User Account
----------------------

If users cannot use the Anonymous user logon to connect to IIS servers, set
the anonymous user account (the account is named IUSR_<computer name>)
password on the IIS server to a publicly known value (for example,
password) in both User Manager for Domains and Internet Service Manager.

Removing TCP/IP
---------------

If you remove the TCP/IP protocol, the Internet Information Server
component cannot be removed using the Internet Information Services icon.
To work around the problem and remove IIS, reinstall the TCP/IP protocol,
and then remove IIS.

Support for Private Communication Technology (PCT)
--------------------------------------------------

Internet Information Server supports the PCT 2.0 specification, which is
designed to secure general-purpose business and personal communications on
the Internet and includes features such as privacy, authentication, and
mutual identification. PCT enhances Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) with
technology developed for Secure Transaction Technology (STT), particularly
in authentication and protocol efficiency. By separating authentication
from encryption, PCT enables applications to use authentication that is
significantly stronger than the 40-bit key limit for encryption allowed by
the U.S. government for export. Microsoft's implementation of PCT is
backward compatible with SSL.

Changes to User Configuration
-----------------------------

If changes to user configurations (such as adding or removing users from a
group, changing passwords, or changing NTFS permissions) do not take affect
immediately, try stopping and restarting the Internet services (WWW, FTP,
and gopher).  Internet Information Server caches security tokens for all
users.  Changes to user configurations will not appear until the security-
token cache is cleared and the new tokens are cached.  The default caching
interval is 15 minutes.

Default File-Extension Mappings
-------------------------------

Previous releases of Internet Information Server installed a default file-
extension mapping to map .bat and .cmd files to the command interpreter
Cmd.exe. If you are upgrading Internet Information Server, the Setup
program removes the previously-installed .bat and .cmd mapping. If you are
installing Internet Information Server for the first time, Setup simply
does not create this default mapping.

You can map .cmd or .bat files to the Cmd.exe program by creating a
registry entry. Use file-extension mappings carefully. Mapping batch
command files to an interpreter may pose a security threat to your server.

For information on creating the registry entry, see "Associating
Interpreters with Applications" in Chapter 10, "Configuring Registry
Entries," in the Internet Information Server Installation And
Administration Guide.

Product Home Page
-----------------

The HTML samples include a product home page (Default.htm) for Internet
Information Server that contains links to the product documentation, the
Web-based server administration tool, and to the Microsoft Web site.
If you already have a file named default.htm in the Wwwroot directory,
Setup will not replace your file with the product's default home page. You
can view the product home page by typing the following URL:

   http://<computername>/Samples/Default.htm

If you do not have a file named Default.htm in the Wwwroot directory, Setup
copies the file to the Wwwroot directory.

Publishing from Network Drives
------------------------------

The FTP, gopher, and WWW services cannot publish from redirected network
drives (that is, from drive letters assigned to network shared folders).

To use network drives, you must use the server and share name (for example,
\\<computername>\<Sharename>\Wwwfiles). If you require a user name and
password to connect to a network drive, all requests from remote users to
access that drive must be made with the user name and password you
specified, not the anonymous IUSR_<computername> account or another account
you may have specified.

Choosing a Logon Method
-----------------------

This release of Internet Information Server provides three logon methods
for the WWW, FTP, and gopher services.

 - "Local" means that the user is logged on as though he or she had actually
   walked up to the computer and logged on interactively. The user must have the
   Log on locally access right set in User Manager.

 - "Batch" means the user is logged on locally (as with the Local logon method)
   but must have the Log on as a batch job access right set in User Manager.
   This logon method enables the user to access the server from a Web browser
   but does not give the user the right to log on locally.

 - "Network" means the user is logged on as a remote network user. The user must
   have the Access this computer from network access right set in User Manager.
   This logon method enables the user to access the server from a Web browser
   but does not give the user the right to log on locally. Users logged on with
   this logon method cannot access remote, authenticated resources, such as a
   SQL server using integrated security.

Generally, you should configure the default logon method for FTP and gopher
users as Network. You should configure the default logon for WWW service
users as Network unless users need to access remote, authenticated
resources.

For backward compatibility with Internet Information Server 1.0, the
default logon method is Local. To change the logon method, set the registry
entry LogonMethod as described in Chapter 10, "Configuring Registry
Entries," in Internet Information Server Installation And Administration
Guide.

For the WWW service, if the user's browser supports Basic authentication,
the user is logged on using the logon method set in the LogonMethod
registry entry. If the user's browser supports Windows NT
Challenge/Response authentication, the user is always logged on using the
Network logon method.

Note that Basic authentication sends user names and passwords over the
network in clear text (unencrypted text). Challenge/Response authentication
is more secure because it sends passwords in encrypted text. Currently,
only Internet Explorer 2.0 or later supports Windows NT Challenge/Response
authentication. For more information on security, see Chapter 5, "Securing
Your Site Against Intruders," in Internet Information Server Installation
And Administration Guide.

Setting the Log File Size
-------------------------

You cannot set the maximum size of the logging file by using the Web-based
version of Internet Service Manager.  You must use Internet Service Manager
to set this option, which is located in the Logging Properties panel.

Securely Generating SSL Key Pairs
---------------------------------

The Key Manager tool (Keyring.exe), new with Internet Information Server
2.0, can generate a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) public-private key pair on a
local computer as well as for a remote computer. With this tool, you can
create a key pair on one computer and move it to a remote computer.

However, transferring a key pair from one computer to another over a
network may expose it to snooping, because the key pairs are not encrypted
when traveling over a network. If a private key is discovered, it can
compromise the site's SSL identification (as stated in the Certificate).
Furthermore, this potentially exposes all subsequent SSL communications to
and from that computer are subject to interception and decryption.

To protect the private key, which is paramount to SSL security, you should
generate a key pair remotely in one of these three ways:

 - In a secure environment over a trusted network.

 - Locally, on the actual computer where it is to be installed.

 - On a remote computer and then moved to a floppy disk, hand-carried to the
   target computer, and manually installed.

Any of these three methods will ensure security.

Opening Certificates Using Key Manager - Standard File Extensions
-----------------------------------------------------------------

If you use non-standard file extensions (such as .cert)  when saving
certificates, Key Manager will display a message indicating that the
filename is invalid when you open the certificate. To work around this
problem, point to the filename in the File Open dialog box and then click
the filename. Or use a standard file extension, such as .txt, when saving
the certificate.

FAQ and Mailing List for IIS Developers
---------------------------------------

Stephen Genusa's IIS FAQ answers questions about Internet Information
Server and is a good source of additional information about developing
applications for IIS. To read the FAQ, visit:

   http://rampages.onramp.net/~steveg/iis.html.

There are many mailing lists and newsgroups that cover the broad range of
Microsoft Internet technologies and related tools. Being a member of these
lists will allow you to tap into the latest information about these tools
and technologies, and will provide you with an open forum for asking
questions and exchanging ideas with other developers. The ISAPI-L mailing
list covers information on developing Internet Information Server API
applications. For information on subscribing to the ISAPI-L mailing list
and for information on other mailing lists, visit:

   http://www.microsoft.com/workshop/resource/mail.htm.

Upgrading the Windows NT 3.51 FTP Server Service
------------------------------------------------

If you installed the FTP Server Service on Windows NT version 3.51 and then
installed the Internet Information Server 1.0 without installing the
Internet Information Server 1.0 FTP Service, the IIS 2.0 FTP Server Service
will be unusable when you upgrade to Windows NT version 4.0.  The FTP
Server Service will start, but will not be usable by clients. To solve this
problem, you must remove and then reinstall the FTP Server Service.

To remove the FTP Service:

1. Click Start, point to Programs, Microsoft Internet Information Server
   (Common), and then click Internet Information Server Setup.

2. Click OK in the Microsoft Internet Information Server Setup 2.0 dialog box.

3. Click Add/Remove.

4. Type <compact disc drive letter>:\<platform>\inetsrv where
   <compact disc drive letter> is the drive letter of your CD-ROM drive,
   and platform is Alpha, I386, Mips, or PPC. For example, type d:\I386\inetsrv.

5. Click OK.

6. Clear the FTP Service check box and then click OK.

7. Shutdown and restart your computer.

After rebooting your computer, repeat the procedure, but at step 6, select
the FTP Service check box by clicking it. You will need to set the virtual
directories appropriately.
For more information, consult the online Internet Information Server
Installation And Administration Guide.

ODBC 3.X Windows NT 4.0 Upgrade or Internet Information Server 2.0 Setup
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ODBC may be disabled in the following two scenarios:

 - If you performed an upgrade of Windows NT 3.51 to this release, ODBC will be
   disabled.

 - If you installed IIS 2.0, during either an upgrade or a new installation,
   ODBC will also be disabled.

To restore your installation of ODBC 3.0, you must reinstall ODBC 3.0.
Refer to the product documentation for your specific application in order
to reinstall ODBC 3.0.

Internet Information Server Setup May Be Disabled After Installing ODBC 3.0
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you installed Internet Information Server 2.0 and start the Internet
Information Server 2.0 setup program from the start menu item, it may
display a message which says that the SqlInstallODBC entry point is
missing.  To work around this problem, run the IIS setup program again. The
program must be run from platform\inetsrv\inetstp.exe on the Windows NT
compact disc.

To run inetstp.exe for IIS 2.0:

1. Insert the Windows NT Server compact disc in the drive.

2. Type d: and then press ENTER.

3. Type cd \<platform>\inetsrv and then press ENTER.

4. Type inetstp.exe and then press ENTER.

To run inetstp.exe for Peer Web Services:

1. Insert the Windows NT Workstation compact disc in the drive.

2. Type d: and then press ENTER.

3. Type cd \<platform>\inetsrv and then press ENTER.

4. Type inetstp.exe and then press ENTER.

Internet Information Server Default File is Changed to Default.htm on
Upgrade
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Upon upgrade from Internet Information Server 1.0 or an earlier version of
Internet Information Server 2.0, the Default Document for the WWW Service
will be set to Default.htm.  If you previously had a different default
document, you need to change it in the Microsoft Internet Service Manager.
Go to the start menu and click on "Programs/Microsoft Internet
Server/Internet Service Manager".  This will start the Microsoft Internet
Service Manager.  Double click on the WWW line in the display.  Click on
the Directories tab and edit the Default Document edit box.  Click OK.

ACCOUNT LOCKOUT

In this release of Windows NT, your user account can become locked out when
you try to connect to network resources using the Run dialog box (accessed
by clicking Run on the Start menu). When this problem occurs, the following
error message appears:

   The referenced account is currently locked out and may not be logged on to.

This problem occurs when the following conditions are true:

 - Account Lockout is enabled on the computer you are attempting to connect to.

 - You have an identical account name on the computer you are attempting to
   connect to.

 - The two accounts have different passwords.

 - You are specifying a UNC path containing both the server and share names (for
   example, \\Server\Share).

 - You are attempting to connect to the server using the Run dialog box
   (accessed by clicking Run on the Start menu).

This problem does not occur when you attempt to access a computer that is a
member of the domain you are currently logged on to (but which also has a
local account name that is identical to yours). This problem is more likely
to occur in a workgroup environment or between domains where there is no
trust relationship.

This problem occurs because Windows NT attempts the remote logon multiple
times instead of displaying the Incorrect Password dialog box. Even if the
server administrator increases the number of bad logon attempts that are
allowed before account lockout occurs, for example to 10, the problem still
occurs. After the sixth logon attempt the Incorrect Password dialog box
appears and you are given the opportunity to enter the correct password.
However, after you log off, log back on, and then attempt to connect to the
same share again, your account is locked out due to the number of
previously recorded bad logon attempts. If this problem occurs, map a drive
by right-clicking on Network Neighborhood, clicking Map Network Drive, and
entering the server and share information in the Path box.

INSTALLING CLIENT-BASED NETWORK ADMINISTRATION TOOLS ON A COMPUTER RUNNING
WINDOWS NT WORKSTATION (RUNNING SETUP.BAT)

To install the Windows NT Server Administrative Tools on a computer running
Windows NT Workstation, the Setup.bat file must be run from
\Clients\srvtools\winnt directory at the command prompt. Setup.bat is
located on the Windows NT Server compact disc in the
\Clients\srvtools\winnt folder.

REMOTE ADMINISTRATION FROM WINDOWS 95

Additional server administration tools are now able to run remotely on
Windows 95 desktops to further simplify administration of distributed
networks with Windows NT Server computers. For more information, see
CLIENTS\SRVTOOLS\WIN95\README.TXT on the Windows NT Server compact disc.

REMOTE ADMINISTRATION TOOLS AND FPNW/DSMN

Some versions of the Windows NT Administrative Tools for use by Windows 95
and Windows for Workgroups users can cause corruption of user account data
when used to administer NetWare-enabled user accounts. Do not use the
following versions of these tools to administer NetWare-enabled (File and
Print Services for NetWare or Directory Service Manager for NetWare) users
on servers running either Windows NT Server version 3.51 or Windows NT
Server version 4.0:

 - The versions shipped with the Windows NT 3.51 Resource Kit.

The FPNW-enabled version of the administration tools for Windows 95,
previously posted on CompuServe, can be used to administer FPNW and DSMN
users.

REMOTE BOOTING OF WINDOWS 95 CLIENTS

The Remoteboot Service now supports remote booting of Windows 95 clients.
This simplifies the use of Windows 95 on "diskless" desktops connected to a
server running Windows NT.

ROAMING USER PROFILES

When you specify a user's home directory as their user profile directory in
User Manager for Domains, the contents of the home directory are copied to
the user's computer at logon. The same files are copied back to the server
at logoff. This causes extended delays when the user has a large amount of
data in the home directory. This might also lead to version problems as
users modify different copies of their files.

If copying the user's home directory as part of the roaming user profile
uses up the free disk space, entries are written to the system event log
and error messages appear. If this situation occurs, look in the User
Profile tab of the System icon in Control Panel. There you can see the
currently cached user profiles and how much space they occupy.

NOTE: The %username% variable does not resolve to the user name when used
in the User Profile Path: it is taken literally, and the path is created
and used.

DOCUMENTATION UPDATES

The information in this section is included to provided additional or
corrected information from the documentation set.

Character Limitations on Volume Labels
--------------------------------------

FAT volume labels cannot contain any of the following characters, including
spaces. This limitation does not apply to NTFS volumes.

   ? / \ | . , ; : + = [ ] { } < >

Performance Monitor
-------------------

 - A perfmon System Object called "Processor Queue Length" returns values

other than 0 even when not monitoring a thread counter. The documented
behavior of this counter is that it should always return 0 when not
monitoring a specific thread counter.

 - You can now use DNS names when specifying which computer to monitor.

Installing Client-Based Network Administrative Tools on Windows NT
Workstation
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To install the Windows NT Server Administrative Tools on a computer running
Windows NT Workstation, the Setup.bat file must be run from
\Clients\srvtools\winnt directory at the command prompt. Setup.bat is
located on the Windows NT Server compact disc in the
\Clients\srvtools\winnt  folder.

To install the administrative tools:

1. Insert the Windows NT Server compact disc in the CD-ROM drive.

2. Click Start, point to Programs, and then click Command Prompt.

3. Type <cd rom drive letter>:\clients\srvtools\winnt\setup.bat where
   <cd rom drive letter> is the CD-ROM drive

4. Follow the on-screen instructions.

System Policy
-------------

System policy can be defined for both users and groups. The order of
precedence of system policies can be set for instances where a user is a
member of multiple groups. Three settings are available for each policy
item (enabled, disabled, or not specified). These policy settings are saved
to the Netlogon share of the Primary Domain Controller (PDC), where they
are replicated to the BDCs in the domain. When a user logs on, the
NTConfig.pol file (depending on the client) is parsed for policy settings
to apply.

When a user logs on, the user policy (as defined in System Policy Editor)
for the user is applied. If a user-specific policy is not applied the
default user policy is applied followed by the group policies in priority
order:

 - The lowest priority (as defined in System Policy Editor) group policy for the
   user is applied.

 - The next highest priority group policy is applied, and this step repeats
   until the policies for all of the user's groups have been applied.

Testing Your Newly Created Recovery Disk
----------------------------------------

1. Insert the fault-tolerant boot floppy disk and restart the computer.

2. If your boot selection correctly specifies the alternate ARC path to the

secondary mirrored partition, your system should begin to boot and then
fail with the following STOP message:

   *** STOP: 0x0000001E (0xc0000006,0x801Abe58,0x00000000, 0x00000000)
   KMODE_EXCEPTION_NOT_HANDLED

User Manager
------------

Profiles are no longer limited to having .pds or .pdm extensions. Windows
NT version 4.0 profiles have .man or .usr extensions, but they can have any
extensions.

If you have a mixed work environment of computers running Windows NT
version 3.51 and Windows NT version 4.0, you should use  the .man or .usr
extensions for compatibility.  When Windows NT version 4.0 encounters a
profile with a .usr or .man extension, it will create a matching directory
with the .pds or .pdm extension.

User Rights for Viewing the Security Log in Event Viewer
--------------------------------------------------------

The Security Log in Event Viewer can be made available only to certain
groups of users. This can prevent anyone with ordinary Administrative
rights from viewing or deleting the log.

The "Managing auditing and security Log" right allows users to view and to
clear the Security Log.
By default, this right is granted  to members of the Administrators group.
However, you can grant this right to a special group if you want, and
revoke it for Administrators.

How to Recover a Server
-----------------------

To minimize the time necessary to recover the server, you can create a
recovery drive. This is an external SCSI drive, as small as 100 MB. It can
be a dedicated disk drive, which sits on the server's SCSI chain, but is
powered off to prevent accidental modification, or it can be a pooled
portable drive, which you can then cable to any server that fails.

NOTE: The pooled portable drive must be identical to the drive that fails.

The emergency repair disk (ERD) enables you to recover desktop and
application settings as well as disk partitions. In addition to the ERD,
you should also have a boot or recovery disk around. The boot or recovery
disk is useful if you encounter a boot sector virus or mirror set failures.
See the Windows NT Server Resource Kit version 4.0 for more information.

Windows NT Server Books Online
------------------------------

For Windows NT Server, online versions of the Concepts And Planning Guide
and the Networking Supplement are available through a tool called Books
Online.

Before you can view the online books, you need to copy the Books Online
files from the \Support\books folder on the Windows NT Server compact disc
to the \Help folder in the Windows NT Server folder on your hard disk or
network. For more detailed instructions about copying the Books Online
files, see the Readme.doc file in the \Support\books folder of the compact
disc.

The Books Online program can be accessed by clicking the Start button,
pointing to Programs, and then clicking Books Online. The first time you
run the Books Online program, you set the location of the online books.
Thereafter, the online books open automatically from that location.

Personal and Common Groups
--------------------------

Under Windows NT version 3.51, if the administrator of a computer installed
an application, the groups created for Program Manager would be "common,"
that is, visible to all users who logged on to that computer.

In Windows NT version 4.0, program groups have been replaced by folders
containing shortcuts to various applications. The common groups are
separated by a horizontal line on the Programs menu.

Application installation programs create either common program groups or
personal program groups. A few applications create both a common and a
personal program group. If you upgrade from Windows NT version 4.0 Beta 1
to the final version of Windows NT version 4.0, you might have duplicate
groups. Extra (Common) groups can be deleted. Other applications fail to
create a program group. These variables depend on the user rights assigned
to you when you install the program.

Using Disk and File Maintenance Tools with Windows NT
-----------------------------------------------------

Disk tools, such as ScanDisk, and file maintenance tools that are not
designed to use long filenames should not be used on volumes containing
Windows NT Workstation or Windows NT Server versions 3.51 or 4.0 files. The
tools can corrupt long filenames, which can lead to data loss.

Long filenames are those that are longer than eight characters, have a file
extension longer than three characters, contain spaces, or multiple
periods.

Assigning Drive Letters using Disk Administrator
------------------------------------------------

If you encounter an "internal error occurred" message while assigning drive
letters to certain hard disk partition configurations using Disk
Administrator, exit the program and restart Disk Administrator.  You will
then be able to assign drive letters correctly.

Registry Editors
----------------

Windows NT Setup installs two versions of Registry Editor: the Windows NT
Registry Editor (REGEDT32.EXE) and either the Windows version 3.x version
of Registry Editor (REGEDIT.EXE) or the Windows 95 version (REGEDIT.EXE).

The Windows NT version of Registry Editor is installed in the
%systemroot%\system32 directory. The Windows 3.x version (16-bit), or the
Windows 95 version (32-bit) of Registry Editor is always installed in the
%systemroot% directory (typically, c:\winnt).

The version of Registry Editor that Setup installs depends on whether or
not Setup detects the presence of Windows version 3.x in the directory
where it is installing Windows NT version 4.0. If Setup detects that it is
installing Windows NT in a directory that contains Windows version 3.x, or
that it is upgrading Windows NT version 3.x that was originally installed
in a directory which contained Windows version 3.x, Setup installs the
Windows 3.x version of Registry Editor. In all other cases, Setup installs
the Windows 95 version of Registry Editor.

Systems installed with the Windows 3.x version of Registry Editor can still
use the Windows 95 Registry Editor. To do so, copy the following files from
the Windows NT version 4.0 compact disc: Regedit.exe, Regedit.hlp, and
Regedit.cnt. Do not copy these files to the %systemroot% directory, as they
may replace the Windows version 3.x Registry Editor files, which will
prevent users from installing applications when running Windows version
3.x. You can copy the Windows 95 files to any other directory.

Command Extensions
------------------

Command Extensions are enabled by default in Windows NT version 4.0.
However if you are upgraded from Windows NT version 4.0 Beta 1, you may be
missing the required registry key, and Command Extensions will not be
enabled, even if you run "cmd /x." To correct this problem, add the
following to your registry:

   HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Command ProcessorValue:
   EnableExtentionsType: REG_DWORDSetting: 1

Once this key and value exists, the behavior of a command session can be
changed with "cmd /x" to enable the extensions, and "cmd /y" to disable the
extensions.

For a complete description of Command Extensions and the commands that are
affected or changed by enabling the extensions, run "cmd /x /?"

Additional query words: read-me

======================================================================
Keywords          :  
Technology        : kbWinNTsearch kbWinNTWsearch kbWinNTW400 kbWinNTW400search kbWinNT400search kbWinNTSsearch kbWinNTS400search kbWinNTS400
Version           : :4.0

=============================================================================

THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE MICROSOFT KNOWLEDGE BASE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  MICROSOFT DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT CORPORATION OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF
MICROSOFT CORPORATION OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES
SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY.

Copyright Microsoft Corporation 2002.